Voxis is a backwater city, a former Zekvan city, now independent city-state, and a crime haven. The government does technically exist, but police are no better than thugs and any meaningful money and living can only be acquired through crime or pushing boundaries. The air runs thick with smog from the factories and chimneys, along with polluted streets. Alleys are dark and dangerous, but may have secrets worth investigating. Gang violence between the Pirate Gangs is prevalent, and police often do nothing to stop this, as they would be killed in the process. 

The city's underworld is mainly controlled by the big three pirate gangs, but there are many smaller runts looking to make a name for themselves and establish a stake in the city. Only the most ruthless and luckiest make it to a level even comparable to the big three.

- The Coalpowders (Black, Red, Orange) Are the wealthiest of the 3 major gangs. They have connections outside of Voxis, and use these connections to route in contraband such as Coral and also weapons and even food and water. This causes the Coalpowders to have constant skirmishes with not just the other big two, but also any wannabe big shot who feels confident enough to try and raid a Coalpowder storage depot. The Coalpowders have staked territory mostly around the western port, controlling a lot more of the populated area of the West Port. They generally stay out of traders business, to keep merchant flow high and to keep their imports coming in unnoticed. 

- Ruhalids Raiders (Green, Black, Gold) are the most aggressive of the factions. They have no definite territory, but have mastered the art of blending in and smuggling. Many taverns are paid off or forced to host secret areas to act as resting spots and safe houses for the members of this Gang, and they have a major stronghold of unknown whereabouts somewhere deep within the city's large expanse. Where the titular figure Ruhalid, a famous former member of the Coalpowders resides and plans raids on the other factions. Due to their lack of territory the Raiders mainly choose to avoid patrols and meeting a group of them often results in blackmail or death.

- Dynamo (Copper brown, Cyan, Silver), (also referred to as “gennies” by the other gangs) is the least wealthy of the big three due to their constant skirmishes with the Coalpowders, but this doesn't mean they aren't powerful. The Dynamos have strict rules against substances being used within their ranks, and have developed a strict and disciplined almost militaristic control over their staked territory over the decades. They are superior to the Coalpowders and even the Raiders in combat, but lose out due to the Coalpowders wealth and the Raiders guerilla tactics. The Dynamos leader is Bulwark, a Runeforged who was created by the deceased Dr. Terra g’Nafi.

The city is largely a shapeless sprawl, covering nearly the entirety of the 97 square mile island, with exceptions for some minor farmland and dry docks and even its own airport. Its citizens for the most part try to live normal, honest lives working in the factories and businesses owned by the government or gangs, only the ones desperate for fame, thrill, or money seek out joining a gang. Under the narrow main streets and cramped buildings lies an underground series of old ruins, from a previous civilization very different from the city-state of Voxis. It is largely uninhabited and uncharted, but the Raiders have very extensive knowledge of the navigation and safety in the tunnels. the tunnels largely consist of Relentium growth, which is often harvested by the Raiders as a light source or in Improvised Explosives.

The only reason Voxis can sustain its position is due to its location. Voxis is the busiest independent port. Due to this, many elect to send military escorts or guards along with their trade ships and haulers to protect from the Pirate Gangs. It's not uncommon to see frigates and destroyers escorting ships in and out of the port. The Government of Voxis has managed to largely keep control over the ports. Voxis only has a relatively small native population, of mostly inner city folk and the gangs, and a lot of sailors who spend a week or two resting before heading back out. 

The main roads are the only main developed infrastructure of Voxis, being actual paved roads connecting and separating the different districts. As you get deeper in the various districts, the streets turn into catwalks built alongside buildings, with falls into the destroyed undercity below. Alleyways can lead deep into the undercity, and the labyrinth of dark streets that lay below the buildings in Voxis. Both above and below, the streets in Voxis lead deep into blocks of buildings, only wide enough for two people to walk beside each other. People who live in the undercity generally create "safe zones" with perimeters around areas with gang activity.