##### Welcome to Andefaelt.
(an-de-fae-lt), an archipelago of islands in the sky orbiting a great Storm, known as Ederna, the Eternal Storm. The Islands that comprise this archipelago can vary anywhere from too small to properly sustain life greater than an insect, to hundreds of square miles of grasslands and forest, mountains, or desert. Andefaelt is inhabited by many races of humanoids, as well as creatures of all shapes and sizes, and is split up into four major nations, which are as follows, Onyxia, Iyamari, The Asyrian Empire, and Zevka. Just entering an age of technological advancement, smoke and oil are a common smell to any citizen, and the click-clack of a diesel engine is a common sound to ones ears. Filled with magically infused machines and tools, the average citizen of Andefaelt has found themselves capable beyond someone's dreams a mere century ago. Equally spaced out to the four diagonal cardinal directions of the Storm, are the World Pillars. Massive finely crafted pillars of ancient runes and nonsensical drawings are scraped into the surface of these pillars, which reach from below the Blanket, the closest thing to a "floor" someone will ever see, and reaching all the way up to heights unachievable by current technology. 

Among the many resources and materials, the most important of all is that of Relentium, a magical crystal that grows out out of stone at unnatural rates. Relentium is useful for many things, but its primary and original use is that of its weightless properties. Relentium dust reacts with certain chemicals to create a substance that is many times lighter than air, allowing for airships to fly with minimal exposed area vulnerable to the outside, though the substance is volatile and very explosive.

Inhabiting the Islands are wonders just outside of common knowledge, hidden labyrinths contained ancient history, and technology blossoming in a new era. The era of Runesteel is in full effect, with many contraptions like automatons and Runesteel weaponry and armor being but a small part. Massive airships trudge through the open air, with an intimidating presence. Technology is in it's golden age, and there are plenty of new discoveries being made by the decade.

Beneath these cities of wealth and technology, lies ancient ruins of a race before recorded memory. ancient glyphs and powerful magical artifacts beyond current understanding, and 
