Automatons have reached a new era with the creation of petrol motors in Andefaelt. Before this new invention, Automatons were limited in their mental capacity, and in the physical mechanical power of their limbs. Of course, a 'Jacks huge size allowed for powerful limbs by itself, but combustion engines have lead to a revolution in size, efficiency, and power.

Old automatons ran off of steam engines that made up a large section of their torso. Most automatons were 'Jacks that were either in civil service at docks or storage warehouses, or Warjacks in service with mainly the Onyxian and Asyrian militaries. Warforged, a Warjacks more sentient and independent cousin, also became a common sight, as the extremely expensive, advanced small steam engines required to make them run were no longer required, and were replaced with gas motors. Modern Automatons are only distinguishable from biological beings in terms of their outwards appearance, being made of steel and having wildly different proportions compared to a biological person. Another feature that arose through the enhanced power provided by gas motors allowed the Runesteel processing cortex of a warforged to fully process independent thought and emotion.

Due to their ability to work for long times without tiring, Warforged and Laborjacks are commonly seen aboard the wealthier sailor's crews. Most Warforged have worked at least a year of their life on a airship at some point. Through this, Warforged have spread to every nation in Andefaelt. They aren't a common sight in every one, but everyone has seen a Warforged before. 

Automatons work through a few main pieces. The "brain" of a automaton is the Runesteel Cortex, or just "Cortex" or "brain". The Cortex is a complex piece of layered Runesteel that when supplied with power from a generator running off the power of a steam or diesel motor, allows for magic running through the Runesteel to emulate sapient thought, now with recent advances to the point it is indistinguishable from a sapient species. Laborjacks keep older, simpler tech as it requires less power, and the lower level of sentience of older Cortexes is beneficial to keeping the Laborjack working it job without needing off time, Warjacks are slightly higher up the scale to understand complex orders from a commander or Warcaster. This requires a lot of magical energy though, required the constant running of a steam or diesel generator taking up the torso of a automaton. The final part of an automaton is the Runesteel circuitry making up a sort of "nervous system" and also the muscles of an automaton. Generally located right below the generator is a Runesteel "battery" that stores excess energy for heavy exertions such as combat, heavy lifting, and other similar jobs when the over charge is needed. With the battery serving as the central pool for the rest of the circuitry, flexible thin steel wires that transfer magical power to the "joints", where when supplied with extra power, or starved of a normal flow, the coils swing forward and backwards, allowing a automaton to move. Then at last, all this comes back around to the Cortex, which automatically controls the sending and withdraw of power to the limbs. The same with the hierarchy of sapience of the cortexes, the level of fine motor control gets better between Laborjacks, Warjacks, and Warforged.

Laborjacks are a common sight to anyone who lives near a dock. Laborjacks are a vital part of any port operation, facilitating the lifting of heavy crates and barrels. With their poor levels of motor control, Laborjacks are common not equipped with hands, as these would prove ineffective, as well as expensive. Often, Laborjacks have big claws for lifting crates and other cargo off of ships. Laborjacks can also be seen at factories with similar jobs, lifting steel coils and other extremely heavy materials.

Warjacks are specialized 'Jacks used by militaries. Generally, Warjacks have higher tech cortexes to allow for the understanding of complex instructions, and for finder adjustment, for aiming mounted cannons and other such ranged weaponry. Warjacks also can be seen mounted with proper articulating hands, allowing for quick battlefield switching of equipped loads to fit a specific situation. The same make of 'Jack may be seen with pike and shield, sword, and even an open hand sometimes for grappling enemy Warjacks. 

- mechanical mounts like horses