**Natalie Park** is [[Jessie Park]]'s younger sister, who is a [[Thrall]] to a [[Tzimisce]] [[Vampire]], who goes by the title of "[[The Aitvara]]".

#### Natalie in Detroit

After she was granted permission to head to [[Detroit]] and 

#### Backstory

During her time on the streets growing up, it was mostly drug use, fist fights and sleeping under bridges. It ultimately stemmed from a feeling she didn’t belong anywhere, or that she didn’t deserve the love her brother and grandparents gave her. Natalie felt like a huge burden to everyone, and that she should be hated her for it. Little did she know, during these violent outbursts and fits of insanity, someone very peculiar was watching her from the shadows. A [[Vampire]] with an interest in lost causes and castaways, someone who continued to watch Natalie for years as she grew and realized her true potential. They call themselves “[[The Aitvara]]”, and they are a [[Tzimisce]] with a pension for embracing the brilliant and disturbed. Natalie was approached by [[The Aitvara]] (who introduced themselves as **Aidrean**) multiple times. Often they would give her advice or supplies for their new artwork, and eventually they begun to build a sort of Old Teacher and student relationship. Of course, no one knew about [[The Aitvara]], but the only reason Natalie never told them was because she didn’t think [[The Aitvara]] was weird in any way. [[The Aitvara]] was polite, even kind, and empathized with her mental struggle. Natalie liked finally having a friend outside of her brother. One night, [[The Aitvara]] finally asked if Natalie would like to be their apprentice. Natalie, oblivious to what [[The Aitvara]] meant, happily agreed. It was then Natalie was embraced and bloodbonded.

She was missing from her family for nearly a year, during which [[The Aitvara]] begun teaching her of her new magic, and new purpose. You see, it is not often a [[Tzimisce]] goes out and meets with other [[Tzimisce]]. At worst another Fiend (title for [[Tzimisce]]) can be seen as a hostile enemy, or a rival at best. However, it is not uncommon for there to be “broods” of [[Tzimisce]]. Broods often consist of one Master who is surrounded by their bloodbonded Childe who act as their family, friends, students, lovers, or bodyguards. [[The Aitvara]] has a brood of their own, consisting of 6 [[Tzimisce]], now including Natalie. [[The Aitvara]] saw something very special in Natalie, and decided to take them under their wing as their apprentice. 5 in the brood are also students, but some are falling swiftly out of favor of [[The Aitvara]]. Those who do not live up to their expectations are either transformed into horrible living furniture, or turned into a ravenous Szlachta (a destructive and tanky flesh monster [[Tzimisce]] create from their ghouls or thralls, these are usually only made up of one person and act as soldiers and bodyguards). So far, Natalie is excelling at her “studies” of vicissitude and [[The Aitvara]] is considering naming her the new Favorite, much to the displeasure of the current students.

Although she is bloodbonded, she still misses her brother dearly, and finds no friendship from the other students. She mentions to [[The Aitvara]] how her brother would be a perfect student, and [[The Aitvara]] decides to send Natalie back home to “scout” her brother. They demand she be gone for no more than 3 months, and bring back proof that her brother is worthy enough for the embrace. Natalie agreed, but now that Jessie has run away she has to follow him to make sure he is ok, and that he can be embraced. Natalie truly wishes nothing but the best for Jessie, but because of the [[Tzimisce]] brainrot she’s been forced to consume religiously, she is now a vampire supremacist AND fiercely loyal to her [[Regnant]]. She thinks the embrace will save [[Jessie Park|Jessie]]’s life, that it would be the best thing for him. She may be bloodbonded, but there is nothing she wouldn’t do for her brother.