 So basically the war happened for a ton of reasons but it was mostly abt religious freedom and who was the “right” god or dragon to worship and if one was better to worship over the other. For decades on Narnash, ppl started to lean more into the worship of the dragons as well, not just the gods. Temples dedicated to specific dragons begun being built and this made many religious leaders angry. Dragon worshippers were arrested and even killed in some places and this angered many dragon worshippers and even just regular ppl who believe in freedom of worship. But many think the real start to the war was when the Eldest Red Dragon, Tien’Gong, mysteriously disappeared off the face of Narnash and made the other four Red Dragons go mad. With their Eldest gone, Chronurgy magic and the minds of all the dragons became incredibly unstable, and so the grieving red dragons begun attacking cities and towns thinking they were being threatened

The Dragons all came together to try to aid their Red Brothers and sisters, but many mortals (especially God zealots) felt THEY were the ones being threaded by war so they build ballista and cannons to shoot down any dragon that would fly past

The dragon worshippers were outraged, they argued they should be helping the dragons heal, not harming them, and so many left their cities and towns to aid the red dragons themselves. This created many Dragon monks and many more temples were build to house the mad red dragons

More dragon worshippers were arrested, more tension was created, but the event that really got to ball rolling was the Attack On Jarki, which was a city that used to be located on the Far north East shore of Dyami. The Bronze Eldest, Evegesha, was flying past to visit her maddened Red Siblings when the City begun shooting Ballista at her, fearing she would attack as many of the red dragons did. This enraged her, and the next day she came back with her Bronze sister Silen to attack the city and they completely flattened it, killing thousands of civilians, maybe even millions, as the city disappeared overnight

Obviously, this outraged all the kingdoms and the dragons. They cursed the Bronze sister for what they did but they argued it was in self Defense. Many dragons and even many mortals agreed with them, while many others didn’t. A week after Jarki fell, the Dyamian kingdom attacked and raided The Storm Temple, a temple dedicated to the blue dragons, In revenge for Jarki. This angered all the blue dragons who promptly attacked back, wanted to reclaim the gold they stole from the temple and avenge all the monks they had killed

And after that was war. The mortal kingdoms hated the dragons for attacking them and the dragons hated the mortals for attacking them. Ppl who worshipped the dragons joined their armies of loyal worshippers, and eventually it did turn into a more religious war. Dragons begun preaching how they should be worshipped over the gods, and the mortal kingdoms fought against that and in the name of their traditional gods

Also many dragons fought with the mortals in defiance of Evegesha and Silen, believing the gods AND the dragons should be worshipped and no one should be forced to worship one or the other. The red dragons got worse during the war and had frequent fits of insanity, where they caused harm to themselves or those around them trying to help them, this included their fellow dragon brothers and sisters